Update presence-admins.md (#7227)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/presence-admins.md

|| ![Purple circle with arrow, indicates Out of office](media/Presence_OOF.png) Out of Office. Out of Office is used when an automatic reply is set. (Available in Outlook only.) |
|||

>  > [!Note]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > [!NOTE]
```

>  > For users that have their mailbox hosted onprem, presence delays of one hour (maximum) are expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > For users that have their mailbox hosted on-prem, presence delays of one hour (maximum) are expected.
```
